Npgsql 6.0 release and breaking change notes (#117)
npgsql/doc: conceptual/Npgsql/release-notes/6.0.md

* It is no longer possible to write [DateTimeOffset](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.datetimeoffset) with offsets other than 0 (UTC), since these cannot be represented in PostgreSQL. These were previously implicitly converted to UTC before sending.
* It is no longer possible to read or write `timetz` as DateTime or TimeSpan, as these don't have a timezone. This was previously allowed, with the offset being stripped.

See the [EF Core provider docs](/efcore/release-notes/6.0.html) for additional changes at the EF level.

#### NodaTime changes

* [Instant](https://nodatime.org/3.0.x/api/NodaTime.Instant.html) is now sent as a `timestamptz` value, and not as a `timestamp`, since they represent a universally agreed-upon point in time. To send a `timestamp`, use [LocalDateTime](https://nodatime.org/3.0.x/api/NodaTime.LocalDateTime.html).

> * When reading `timestamptz` as [ZonedDateTime](https://nodatime.org/3.0.x/api/NodaTime.ZonedDateTime.html) or [OffsetDateTime](https://nodatime.org/3.0.x/api/NodaTime.OffsetDateTime.html), UTC values are always returned. Previously, local values based on the PostgreSQL `TimeZone` parameter were returned.

Reviewer: Pg timezone or machine timezone? Was there really a difference between nodatime and bcl handling?

Author: Yeah, there actually was... The BCL types could only work with Windows timezones (until .NET 6.0 that is), whereas NodaTime has always supported IANA/Olson, so we actually looked at TimeZone in an effort to be even more conforming to the PG behavior... All seems pretty senseless now.

Reviewer: TIL :o

Author: We even had https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/issues/3594 :rofl:

> [!NOTE]
> In most cases, storing UTC timestamps is the recommended practice. If this is what you're doing, it's strongly recommended to migrate all relevant columns from `timestamp` columns to `timestamptz`. See below for how to do this.

#### Opting out of the new timestamp mapping logic

The changes described above are far-reaching, and may break applications in various ways. You can upgrade to version 6.0 but opt out of the new mapping by enabling the `Npgsql.EnableLegacyTimestampBehavior` [AppContext switch](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.appcontext?view=net-5.0):

> To revert to the legacy timestamp behavior, add the following at the start of your application, before any EF Core operations are invoked:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revert to the legacy timestamp behavior, add the following at the start of your application, before any Npgsql operations are invoked:
```
